finally the socks were clean Wow
said Tina they look nicer when they're
clean Wow
said Tina they smell nicer when they're
said Tina they feel nicer when they're
clean Tina put on the socks and said I
am going to wear clean socks from now on
the frogs are trying to catch a bee
there a fly that's inside of one of the
bubbles
the beavers left her grandfather's house
and went back into the river the Canada
geese got up off the ground and flew
away the fish decided that they were not
dead after all
and jumped and splashed in the river
Tina went to her mom and said my socks
are nice and clean and I think it would
be very nice if you took me to town to
get me a nice new red yellow and green
shirt promised to wash it said her mom
no said Tina if I wait long enough the
kids at school will wash it for me
can you get part
the and smelly socks now if you can find
anymore
Robert Munsch books and read them we
would love it there are a lot of them
Erin's hair alligator baby
Andrews loose tooth get out of bed
makeup mess mmm cookies more pies
Playhouse ribbon rescue up up down we
share everything
zoom and most of all we want which one
Erin's hair well of course we want to
see that one but we also want anything
with Tina in it I like Tina we share
everything but I want to get cookies -
it sounds yummy